# INTRODUCTION
Modulo-1B-TY is a development board for the Afero ASR-1B Secure BLE radio architecture (based on the nRF52832 BLE chipset).  The Modulo-1B-TY uses the pre-certified Taiyo Yuden EYSHCNZWZ module + the Afero Hardware Security Module.

Additional Features:
 * Board supports power from USB as well as a Vin over a relatively wide voltage range
 * New and improved switch (first used on Modulo2a)
 * Use of the Taiyo Yuden EYSHCNZWZ module gives the board FCC/IC and Telec certification

For more information, please see the Afero developers site: https://developer.afero.io

# Design Information
The Modulo-1B-TY design was built using Altium.  The entire Altium project, including scripts that generate the output files, is included.

## Manifest (abridged)
 * **Modulo-1B-TY.PrjPcb** is the toplevel Altium project file.
 * **Modulo-1B-TY.SchDoc** is the Altium schematic file.
 * **Modulo-1B-TY.PcbDoc** is the Altium layout file.
 * **AssyDrawing.PCBDwf** and **FabDrawing.PCBDwf** are drawing templates for the Assembly and Fabrication drawings.
 * **outputs.OutJob** is the "script" for Altium that you can use to generate all of the needed output files (pdf files, gerbers, pick and place info, et cetera).
 * **Modulo-1B-TY.pdf** pdf of the schematics; autogenerated.
 * **Modulo-1B-TY-fabrication.pdf** pdf of the board fabrication drawing; autogenerated.
 * **Modulo-1B-TY-Assy.pdf** pdf of the assembly drawing; autogenerated.
 * **gerbers** is the directory where the Gerber output files and ODB++ files are located.  These are the files that one would use when you release the board to fab and assembly; autogenerated.
 * **gerbers/Modulo-1B-TY_BOM.xls** is the Bill of Materials for the board; autogenerated.
 * **LICENSE.txt** Apache 2.0 license governing the use of this design.
 * **NOTICE** Copyright information.
 * **README.md** This file.

Please note that the Afero Secure Radio stack firmware and hardware security modules included in the design are not publicly available.  Please contact Afero about licensing these items.

# CONTRIBUTORS
Original design by Afero, Inc.

Copyright 2018, 2019 Afero, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license; check LICENSE.txt for more information.  All text above must be included in any redistribution.
